<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="installation">

<title>How To Install Noter.app</title>
<shortdesc>This section guides you through the process of installing the Noter.app application on your computer.</shortdesc>

<taskbody>

<prereq>
<p><b>Prerequisites:</b></p>
<ul>
<li>Supported Operating Systems: Windows 10 (1909) | macOS 10.15 Catalina.</li>
<li>Internet access to download the installer.</li>
</ul>
</prereq>

<context>
<p>Please follow the procedure outlined below to install the Noter.app application on your computer.</p>
</context>

<steps>

<step>
<cmd><b>Download the Installer</b></cmd>
<info> Open your web browser and go to the Noter.app download page: [Insert Website Link Here].</info>
<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Identify the section for your operating system (Windows or macOS).</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Click the download button.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep>
<cmd>Your browser will begin downloading a file (e.g., Noter.appSetup.exe for Windows, Noter.app.dmg for macOS).</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>

<step>
<cmd><b>Run the Installer</b></cmd>
<info>Once the download is finished, open your file explorer (Windows) or Finder (macOS) and navigate to your Downloads folder (or the location where your browser saves downloaded files).</info>
<p>For Windows:</p>

<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Double-click the Noter.appSetup.exe file.</cmd>
</substep>

<substep>
<cmd>You may see a User Account Control prompt; click "Yes" to allow the installer to run.</cmd>
</substep>

<substep>
<cmd>Follow the steps in the installation wizard, typically involving agreeing to the license agreement and choosing an installation directory.</cmd>
</substep>

<substep>
<cmd>Click "Install" to begin the installation.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>

<p>For macOS:</p>

<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Double-click the Noter.app.dmg file.</cmd>
</substep>

<substep>
<cmd>A virtual disk image will mount.</cmd>
</substep>

<substep>
<cmd>Drag the Noter.app icon from the mounted disk image to your Applications folder.</cmd>
</substep>

<substep>
<cmd>You can then eject the disk image.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>

<step>
<cmd><b>First Launch</b></cmd>
<info>After installation:</info>
<p>For Windows:</p>

<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Find Noter.app in your Start Menu.</cmd>
</substep>

<substep>
<cmd> Click to launch. You may also have a desktop shortcut.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>

<p>For macOS:</p>

<substeps>
<substep>
<cmd>Open your Applications folder.</cmd>
</substep>

<substep>
<cmd>Double-click the Noter.app icon.</cmd>
</substep>

<substep>
<cmd>The application will open, and you will be prompted to create a new account or log in.</cmd>
</substep>
</substeps>
</step>

</steps>

<result>After successfully completing these steps, the Noter.app application will be installed on your computer and ready to launch.</result>

</taskbody>
</task>